serves all of the 20 spaces or are doctor
white we are here today with the new one
review of a crappy footballer 14
roofs
as I promised I bring you today
second star of borussia dormund
robert lewandowski a striker
crazy
last year an incredible boom after
his performance in the champions league is
worth less than 64 meters col
correct we review this year as yes
therefore it involves 86 evaluation valley then
very high we see in the field as yes
therefore involves speed that speed
not bad
certainly we must not take lewandowski
as one to run and that's it
be his bojang teammate
lewandowski speed is very good
physical strength is not bad at times
manages to jump opponents sometimes
no this is a bit also depends on
game of course you can't think of
do as unique ibrahim can leave e
he will take all his opponents
this is not the kind of player for
do this anyway reality has me
surprised I thought really much worse
you almost don't even need to use the
card that you are increasing
speed passing to the shooting we begin with the
weak side sometimes the finalization is
low enough you can see here some of the
clip in which rising comes against one
but one with the goalkeeper and he is wrong
something that does not happen all
so I can't figure out if a
lewandowski problem that anyway not
has a very high finalization like i
greatest game finalizers
we have seen gomez sheaths have more than
he in finalization
or if it is a temporal thing then
maybe some games will come out
finalize and in others will succeed
quietly to score because I have to
see here other great goals that
also marks from the distance because one
good shooting power
this however of the distance I mean 20 25
meters at most very difficult to score
from 30 meters how could it be his
version you move aroused will go
last year is much more difficult
scores go far with the players
base plus four stars weak foot
so you can go quietly
pull both right and yes
good rigorist is not exceptional
however a value on 78 of penalties that
it's not too bad it's not even that good
the dribbling and good other player of
one meter and 84 a good 4-star agility
steel, however, did not write e
so you won't be able to do it easily
a whole series of skins passages
quite good can safely
play as the only point
header but also this surprise
very good for a non player
very high I prefer more players
high as can be gomez and songs
respect us as bassini as they can
be lewandowski falcao will have a
high activation value therefore also
the recommended head shot taking off
davis restyle recommended for
lewandowski
the first should be shooting gunner
dribbling and header
I prefer mental shooting so I can
go up a little its value of
finalization so I go a little
correct low finalization
or finalizer even here in range
head shot I don't call it lightly
shooting and completeness of state the card
previous field 3 instead a plus 2 where
do n't use lewandowski
advice with me striker in a
two- pronged attack were tested in a
3 5 2 did not satisfy me at all
I recommend instead as a single tip
absolutely or in a 4 3 3 and wii royce
and robben are the exterior or in a 4
2 3 1 because lewandowski manages to
stop the ball to pick up the team
you have very fast exteriors like
farfan and reus that can
quietly go to the bottom e
cross and lewandowski ovo in time ad
go and stow away the heads in the warrants
definitely promoted we saw a
good shot good physical strength as
4 star teleskill that is weak on
world race is much better than respect
last year passed from high to high
medium high negative sides the cost is on
60 70 thousand believe on xbox a little bit of
thicker 3 so it can be altino
take the bad games while waiting for
cope save for lewandowski the long
as we have seen they are not the maximum e
the stamina a little pasture at the end of the game
you may have problems take yourself
a substitute like it can be a little
better that it breaks completely
matches are entered in the seventieth
about before closing he wanted
announce you two new series he had
intention to do the first is a guide
to the modules that will replace a little
recommended teams to use
we're going to see all the pro modules
meeting for each and the second is
a little challenge to laugh at trams and so
doctor wise against a stiff than a stiff one
which testifies to electronics in Italy
which recommends the theme of the week
I can do it on Monday we have it
personal challenge let's see who guesses more
tweet players as if they were video
you liked the site online with
comments written by the channel us there
we will see tomorrow most likely with
the poop review hello to everyone